# END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND TERMS OF SERVICE

**Last Updated: September 26, 2014**

This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (this “**EULA**”) is a binding contract between you, an individual user (“**you**”) and Heirloom Technology, Inc. (“**we**”, “**us**”, or “**Heirloom**”) governing your use of the website (the “**Website**”) and any mobile applications (each, an “**App**”) or other Internet services under Heirloom’s control (the Website, App, and such Internet services are, collectively, the “**Service**”). **BY ACCESSING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE**. To have a copy of this EULA sent to you, contact Heirloom at [feedback@heirloom.net](mailto:feedback@heirloom.net).

*Summary of Material Terms*: As provided in greater detail in this EULA (and without limiting the express language of this EULA), you acknowledge the following:

* the Service is licensed, not sold to you, and that you may use the Service only as set forth in this EULA;

* the use of the Service may be subject to separate third party terms of service and fees, including, without limitation, your mobile network operator’s (the “Carrier”) terms of service and fees, including fees charged for data usage and overage, which are your sole responsibility;

* you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with Heirloom’s [Privacy Policy](/privacy), including with respect to the collection of location information;

* the Service is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind and Heirloom’s liability to you is limited;

* disputes arising hereunder will be resolved by binding arbitration. By accepting this EULA, as provided in greater detail in Section 18 of this EULA, you and Heirloom are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action;

* the App requires access to the following services on your mobile device: your device identifier, location, contacts, camera roll, and applications; and

* if you are using the App on an iOS-based device, you agree to and acknowledge the “Notice Regarding Apple,” below.

    1. **Scope of License**. The Service is licensed, not sold, to you for use only under the terms of this EULA. Heirloom reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with the terms and conditions of this EULA, Heirloom hereby grants you a personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use the Service solely for your own personal use and also, with respect to the App, the App shall be used on a single compatible device that you own or control. You may not make the App available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, redistribute or sublicense the Service. You may not attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Service, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law). If you breach these license restrictions or other restrictions set forth in this EULA, or otherwise exceed the scope of the licenses granted herein, then you may be subject to prosecution and damages, as well as liability for infringement of intellectual property rights. The terms of this EULA will govern any updates provided to you by Heirloom that replace and/or supplement the original Service, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license or revised EULA, in which case the terms of that license or revised EULA will govern.

    2. **General**.

        1. **Description**. The Service enables people to beautifully preserve and gather shared memories and build a single continuous story of their lives by providing individuals (“**Users**”) with the ability to share photographs and messages among other Users.

        2. **Consideration**. You understand and agree that this EULA is entered into in consideration of your use of the Service and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged.

        3. **Changes to this EULA**. The Service is owned and operated by Heirloom and Heirloom reserves the right to revise this EULA in its sole discretion at any time and without prior notice to you other than by posting the revised EULA on the Service. Revisions to this EULA are effective upon posting and your continued use of the Service after a revised version of this EULA has been posted by Heirloom to the Service constitutes your binding acceptance of such revised EULA. This EULA will be identified as of the most recent date of revision, and you should visit this page periodically to ensure your continued compliance with and acceptance of this EULA. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section 2.c, no revisions to this EULA will apply to any dispute between you and Heirloom that arose prior to the effective date of such revision.

        4. **Eligibility**. If you wish to use the Service on behalf of a company, entity, or organization (each, a “*Subscribing Entity*”), then you represent and warrant that you: (i) are an authorized representative of that Subscribing Entity with the authority to bind such entity to this EULA and (ii) agree to be bound by this EULA on behalf of such Subscribing Entity.

        5. **Children**. The Service is not intended for children under the age of 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER. In order to use the Service, you must either be 18 years of age or possess parental or guardian consent, and you must be fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this EULA and to abide by and comply with this EULA. If you are under 18 years of age, by using the Service you certify that your parent or guardian has consented to your use of the Service and to this EULA on your behalf, and you acknowledge and agree that your use of the Service is at their discretion. Until you are 18 years old, your parent or guardian may ask us to modify, deny access to, or terminate your account and we may do so at their request or at any time, for any reason, without notice and liability to you.

    3. **The Service**.

        1. Acceptance of Privacy Policy. Your use of the Service is subject to the Heirloom Privacy Policy, which is available at www.heirloom.net/privacy (the “Privacy Policy”) and is hereby incorporated by reference into this EULA. By using the Service you agree that you have read, understood, and agree to the data collection, use, and disclosure provisions set forth in the Privacy Policy.

        2. Third-Party Fees. Your use of the Service may incur third party fees, such as fees charged by your Carrier or other third party for data usage, and may be subject to third party terms, such as your Carrier’s terms of service, and you agree to pay all such fees and abide by all such terms.

        3. Service Security. You are prohibited from violating, or attempting to violate, the security of the Service. Any such violations may result in criminal and/or civil penalties against you, as well as the termination of your privilege to use the Service, at Heirloom’s sole discretion. Heirloom reserves the right to investigate any alleged or suspected violations and, if a criminal violation is suspected, refer such suspected violation to the appropriate law enforcement agencies and cooperate fully with such investigations, including, but not limited to, the disclosure of any or all of your activities on or related to the Service.

    4. **Registration and Eligibility**.

        1. Log In Credentials. In order to use the Service you will have to register for an account. When you register for an account, you may be required to provide us with some information about yourself, such as your e-mail address or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide to us is accurate and that you will keep it accurate and up-to-date at all times. All information provided to Heirloom during registration will be held and used in accordance with Heirloom’s Privacy Policy. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials in order to use the Service, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials. You agree to notify Heirloom immediately of any unauthorized use of your login credentials or any other breach of security with respect to your account. Heirloom will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your credentials prior to you notifying Heirloom of such unauthorized use or loss of your credentials.

        2. Accuracy of Information. You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as requested in any registration forms and to update the information about yourself promptly, and as necessary, to keep it current and accurate. Heirloom reserves the right to terminate your account immediately with or without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party.

    5. **Content You Submit; License Grants from You**.

        1. **Your Content**. This Section 5 governs any material that you post, send, or transmit (collectively, “Post”) to or through the Service or to us via uploads, e-mail, text message, or any other means permitted by Heirloom, including, by way of example and not limitation, messages, photographs, text, and any other work subject to protection under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws, (as defined below) (collectively, “Your Content”). You are solely responsible for securing the rights to any and all of Your Content you Post to or through the Service, including obtaining the permission to use the image and likeness of any identifiable person included in a photograph Posted by you.

        2. **License Grants to Heirloom**.

            1. By Posting Your Content to or through the Service, and in consideration of the opportunity to use the Service without having to pay a fee to Heirloom, you hereby grant to Heirloom (and Heirloom’s assignees, designees, successors, licensees, and sub-licensees) an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free, fully paid up license throughout the world and during the term of this EULA to reproduce, distribute, display, transmit, communicate, create derivative works from, and otherwise use and exploit (collectively, “Use”) all of Your Content you Post to or through the Service through any media and formats now known or hereafter developed, for the purpose of transmitting, publicly displaying or distributing Your Content to the Users you have designated with respect to each item of Your Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver Your Content to the intended recipient of a communication but assume no liability for any misdirection of any communication made through the Service.

            2. License for Name, Image, Voice, and Likeness. You further grant Heirloom a royalty-free license to Use your name, image, and likeness (and that of any person identifiable in any of Your Content Posted by you to or through the Service) made available by or on your behalf through the Service in conjunction with Your Content and your use of the Service. The foregoing license in the immediately preceding sentence shall survive the termination of your Account with respect to any of Your Content Posted to the Service prior to such termination that is not deleted by you.

            3. License Grant to Other Users. By posting and sharing Your Content with another User of the Service, you grant that User a non-exclusive license to access and use Your Content as permitted by this EULA and the functionality of the Service.

        3. **Limited Waiver of Rights**. You further waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with Your Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any of Your Content uploaded to or through the Service, during the term of this EULA. You expressly release Heirloom and all of Heirloom’s agents, partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensees, successors, and assigns from any and all claims, demands, liabilities, or causes of action, whether now known or unknown, for defamation, copyright infringement, violation of moral rights, and invasion of the rights to privacy, publicity, or personality or any similar matter, or based upon or relating to the Use of Your Content as authorized in this EULA.

        4. **Representations and Warranties With Respect to Your Content**. Except for materials provided to you by Heirloom through the Service, you represent, warrant, and covenant that (i) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all of Your Content that you Post to or through the Service, or that you have all rights, licenses, consents, and releases that are necessary to grant to Heirloom the rights in Your Content as contemplated under this EULA, and (ii) neither Your Content you Post to or through the Service nor your creation of, accessing, posting, submission, or transmission of Your Content will (A) infringe, misappropriate, or violate the rights of any party or entity, including a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights, rights of publicity, rights of privacy, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, (B) constitute or result in defamation, libel, slander, or the violation of any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, restrictions on obscenity, child pornography, wiretap laws, or other similar restrictions on nonconsensual recording, or otherwise), or (C) require Heirloom to obtain any licenses from or make any payments in any amounts to any third party throughout the world.

        5. **Prohibition on Uploading Objectionable Content**. You agree not to Post any of Your Content that is or could be interpreted to be infringing, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, vulgar, offensive, obscene, pornographic, objectionable, hateful, or promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, or hatred (collectively, “Objectionable Content”), as determined by Heirloom in its sole discretion; or introduces viruses, time-bombs, worms, cancel bots, Trojan Horses and/or other harmful or malicious code.

    6. **Posting Content**. Posting Your Content is a privilege, not a right, and Heirloom may terminate such privilege of any User at any time and for any reason, without any liability to such User. Harmful, obscene, or offensive communications are not welcome in any of Your Content. If a User sends you an objectionable messages or content, then please notify us by sending an e-mail to [feedback@heirloom.net](feedback@heirloom.net). You should exercise discretion, good sense, and sound judgment when Posting Your Content. You are solely responsible for the content of any of Your Content you Post. You agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other Users, particularly if you decide to communicate with another User offline or meet them in person. You agree that Heirloom may monitor Your Content for compliance with this EULA, and therefore, Your Content should not be considered confidential or proprietary.

    7. **Third Party Materials**.

        1. You understand that by using the Service, you may encounter data, information, applications, materials, and other content from third parties, including other Users of the Service (“Third Party Materials”), and data, information, applications, materials and other content, including content from Heirloom (collectively, “Heirloom Content”), that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which may or may not be identified as having explicit language or other material. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Service at your sole risk and that Heirloom will not have any liability to you for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or that is inaccurate, incomplete, untimely, invalid, illegal, indecent, of poor quality, or otherwise objectionable. You use the Service, and rely upon any Heirloom Content accessible through the Service, at your sole risk.

        2. You agree and understand that the Service contains proprietary content, information and material that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, including, but not limited to, copyright, and that you will not use such proprietary content, information or materials except for permitted use of the Service. No portion of the Service may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Service, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the Service in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the Service in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that Heirloom is not in any way responsible for any such use by you, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive, illegal or other harmful messages or transmissions that you may receive as a result of using the Service.

        3. In addition, third party services and Third Party Materials that may be accessed from, displayed on or linked to from your device are not available in all languages or in all countries. Heirloom makes no representation that such services and materials are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to access such services or materials, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including, but not limited to, applicable local laws. Heirloom, and its licensors, reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to such services at any time without notice. In no event will Heirloom be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such services. Heirloom may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain services at any time, in any case and without notice or liability.


    8. **Your Use of the Service and the Heirloom Content**. Your rights to use the Service are expressly conditioned on the following:

        1. You may access the Service for your entertainment and informational purposes only and solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Service and as permitted under this EULA.

        2. Unless expressly permitted, you may not alter, modify, create derivative works of, sell, license or in any way exploit any part of the Service or any Heirloom Content.

        3. Unless expressly permitted, you agree not to copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, display, perform, transmit, stream, or broadcast any part of the Service or Heirloom Content without Heirloom’s prior written authorization, including, by way of example and not limitation, by doing or engaging in any of the following without Heirloom’s express written consent:

            1. altering, defacing, mutilating, or otherwise bypassing any approved software through which the Service is made available; and

            2. using any trademarks, service marks, design marks, logos, photographs, or other content belonging to Heirloom or obtained from the Service.

        4. You agree not to bypass, circumvent, damage, or otherwise interfere with any security or other features of the Service designed to control the manner in which the Service is used, harvest, or mine Heirloom Content from the Service, or otherwise access or use the Service in a manner inconsistent with individual human usage.

        5. You agree not to undertake, cause, permit, or authorize the modification, creation of derivative works, translation, reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or hacking of any aspect of the Service or Heirloom Content or any part thereof, or attempt to do any of the foregoing, except and solely to the extent permitted by this EULA, the authorized features of the Service or Heirloom Content, or by law, or otherwise attempt to use or access any portion of the Service other than as intended by Heirloom.

        6. You agree not to use, display, mirror, frame, or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Service or the Heirloom Content, or any portion thereof, through any other application or website, unless and solely to the extent Heirloom makes available the means for embedding any part of the Service or the Heirloom Content.

        7. You agree not to access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, Heirloom’s (and its hosting company’s) computer systems and infrastructure, or the technical delivery systems of Heirloom’s providers.

        8. You agree not to harass, abuse, harm or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another person or group, including Heirloom employees.

        9. You agree not to provide any false personal information to Heirloom.

        10. You agree not to create a false identify or impersonate another person or entity in any way.

        11. You agree not to create a new account with Heirloom, without Heirloom’s express written consent, if Heirloom has previously disabled an account of yours.

        12. You agree not to solicit, or attempt to solicit, personal information from other Users.

        13. You agree not to restrict, discourage, or inhibit any person from using the Service, disclose personal information about a third person on the Service or obtained from the Service without the consent of such person, or collect information about Users.

        14. You agree not to use the Service, without Heirloom’s express written consent, for any commercial purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation.

        15. You agree not to gain unauthorized access to the Service, to other Users’ accounts, names, or personally identifiable information, or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the Service.

        16. You agree not to Post, transmit, or otherwise make available, including in any of Your Content, any virus, worm, spyware or any other computer code, file, or program that may or is intended to disable, overburden, impair, damage or hijack the operation of any hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment, or any other aspect of the Service or Heirloom Content or communications equipment and computers connected to the Service.

        17. You agree not to interfere with or disrupt the Service, networks, or servers connected to the Service or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks or servers.

        18. You agree not to violate any applicable federal, state, or local laws or regulations or this EULA through the use of the Service.

        19. You agree not to assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described above.

    9. **Ownership**. The Service, and the media and materials contained therein, including all intellectual property rights therein, is the sole and exclusive property of Heirloom and its licensors. Except for the limited license expressly granted by and to you under this EULA, no other rights, licenses, or immunities are granted or shall be deemed to be granted under this EULA, either expressly or by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

    10. **Consent to Use of Data**. You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related to the Service, and to anonymously track and report your activity inside of the Service, including for analytics purposes. Please see the Privacy Policy for more details regarding the information Company collects, and how it uses and discloses that information.

    11. **Feedback**. While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the User community. If you choose to contribute by sending Heirloom or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms shall apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to Heirloom, you agree that:

        1. Heirloom has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;

        2. Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and Heirloom is not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and

        3. You irrevocably grant Heirloom and its successors and assigns perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.

        If you become aware of any security vulnerability in the Service or Heirloom Content, please provide us Feedback at [feedback@heirloom.net](mailto:feedback@heirloom.net).

    12. **Termination**. This EULA is effective until terminated by you or Heirloom. Your rights under this EULA will terminate automatically without notice from Heirloom if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this EULA (including by violating any license restriction provided herein). You may terminate this EULA by uninstalling the Service. Upon any termination of this EULA, you must immediately cease all use of the Service, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Service. You will not be able to use the Service without re-registering, unless prohibited from re-registering by this EULA. You are solely responsible for maintaining back-up copies of any of Your Content. Although we may attempt to notify Users prior to the disabling of access to all or any portion of the Service, we are not obligated to provide such notice and you should not rely upon the continued availability of the Service for any of Your Content.

    13.  **Indemnity**. You agree to indemnify and hold Heirloom, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected to (a) your access, use, or misuse of the Service or Heirloom Content, or (b) your violation of this EULA. Heirloom will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding for which it seeks an indemnification from you upon becoming aware of it, but if Heirloom is unable to communicate with you in a timely manner because of an inactive e-mail address for you, your indemnification obligation will continue notwithstanding Heirloom’s inability to contact you in a timely manner. You agree that Heirloom shall, at your expense, have sole control over any defense against any claim for which you are obligated to indemnify Heirloom pursuant to this Section 13; provided, however, that you shall at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation, including, but not limited to, participation through counsel of your own selection, if desired, at your own expense.

    14. **NO WARRANTY**: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND HEIRLOOM HEREBY DISCLAIMS, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE AND ANY OTHER SERVICES OFFERED BY HEIRLOOM, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. HEIRLOOM DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE SERVICE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR NOT INTERFERE WITH YOUR USE OR ENJOYMENT OF ANY OTHER APPLICATIONS ON THE DEVICE ON WHICH THE SERVICE IS INSTALLED OR USED, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY HEIRLOOM OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS EULA. SHOULD THE SERVICE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, BUT IN SUCH A CASE THE FOREGOING SHALL BE APPLIED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT ENFORCEABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

    15. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HEIRLOOM OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF HEIRLOOM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL HEIRLOOM’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES (OTHER THAN AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN CASES INVOLVING PERSONAL INJURY) EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, BUT IN SUCH A CASE THE FOREGOING SHALL BE APPLIED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT ENFORCEABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

    16. **THIRD PARTY DISPUTES**. HEIRLOOM IS NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY CARRIER OR SERVICE PROVIDER, AND ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY CARRIER, SERVICE PROVIDER, OR OTHER THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY OTHER USER OF THE SERVICE, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE HEIRLOOM (AND OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES, EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS) FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.

    17. **Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Infringements**.

        1. **Respect of Third Party Rights**. Heirloom respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our Users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on or through the Service.

        2. **Repeat Infringer Policy**. Heirloom’s intellectual property policy is to (a) remove or disable access to material that Heirloom believes in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or their agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available through the Service, and (b) remove any of Your Content uploaded to the Service if you are a “repeat infringer” and terminate your right to use the Service. You are a “repeat infringer” if you are a User that has uploaded Your Content or Feedback to or through the Service and for whom Heirloom has received more than two takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. § 512 with respect to Your Content or Feedback. Heirloom has discretion, however, to terminate the account of any User after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon Heirloom’s own determination.

        3. **Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement**. If you believe that any content made available on or through the Service has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a “Notification of Claimed Infringement” containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below. Your Notification of Claimed Infringement may be shared by Heirloom with the User alleged to have infringed a right you own or control or the general public, and you hereby consent to Heirloom making such disclosure. Your communication must include substantially the following:

            1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed;

            2. Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works;

            3. Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Heirloom to locate the material;

            4. Information reasonably sufficient to permit Heirloom to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;

            5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and

            6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

            You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement.

        4. **Designated Agent Contact Information**. Heirloom’s designated agent for receipt of Notifications of Claimed Infringement (the “Designated Agent”) can be contacted at:

            Via E-mail: [copyright@heirloom.net](copyright@heirloom.net)
            Via U.S. Mail: Heirloom Technology, Inc.
            650 2nd St., #405
            San Francisco, California 94107
            Attn: Designated Agent

        5. **Counter Notification**. If you receive a notification from Heirloom that material made available by you on or through the Service has been the subject of a Notification of Claimed Infringement, then you will have the right to provide Heirloom with what is called a “Counter Notification.” To be effective, a Counter Notification must be in writing, provided to Heirloom’s Designated Agent through one of the methods identified in Section 17.d and include substantially the following information:

            1. A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber;
            2. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
            3. A statement under penalty of perjury that the subscriber has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
            4. The subscriber’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the subscriber’s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Heirloom may be found, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under Section 17.c above or an agent of such person.

        6. **False Notifications of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notifications**. The Copyright Act provides that:

            A party submitting a Counter Notification should consult a lawyer or see 17 U.S.C. § 512 to confirm the party’s obligations to provide a valid counter notification under the Copyright Act.
            \[a\]ny person who knowingly materially misrepresents under \[Section 512 of the Copyright Act \(17 U.S.C. § 512\)\] \(1\) that material or activity is infringing, or (2) that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by the alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner’s authorized licensee, or by a service provider, who is injured by such misrepresentation, as the result of [Heirloom] relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing, or in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.

            17 U.S.C. § 512(f).

            Heirloom reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a Notification of Claimed Infringement or Counter Notification in violation of the law.
            For the avoidance of doubt, only notices submitted under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or the procedures set forth in this Section 17 should be sent to the Designated Agent at [copyright@heirloom.net](copyright@heirloom.net) or to the postal address identified above. Any other comments, compliments, complaints, or suggestions about Heirloom, the Service, or any other matter should be sent to [feedback@heirloom.net](feedback@heirloom.net).


    18. **Dispute Resolution**.

        1. **Mandatory Arbitration**. Please read this carefully. It affects your rights. YOU AND HEIRLOOM AND EACH OF OUR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, PREDECESSORS IN INTEREST, SUCCESSORS, AND PERMITTED ASSIGNS AGREE TO ARBITRATION (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT), AS THE EXCLUSIVE FORM OF DISPUTE RESOLUTION, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR BELOW, FOR ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Please visit www.adr.org for more information about arbitration.

            1. **Commencing Arbitration**. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written notice of intent to arbitrate (a “Notice”), or, in the absence of a mailing address provided by you to Heirloom, to you via any other method available to Heirloom, including via e-mail. The Notice to Heirloom should be addressed to Heirloom Technology, Inc., 650 2nd St., #405, San Francisco, CA 94107 (the “Arbitration Notice Address”). The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought (the “Demand”). If you and Heirloom do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Heirloom may commence an arbitration proceeding as set forth below or file a claim in small claims court. THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (“AAA”) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS COMMERCIAL ARBITRATION RULES AND THE SUPPLEMENTARY PROCEDURES FOR CONSUMER RELATED DISPUTES (THE “Rules”), AS MODIFIED BY THIS AGREEMENT. The Rules and AAA forms are available online at www.adr.org. If you are required to pay a filing fee to commence an arbitration against Heirloom, then Heirloom will promptly reimburse you for your confirmed payment of the filing fee upon Heirloom’s receipt of Notice at the Arbitration Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration along with a receipt evidencing payment of the filing fee, unless your Demand is equal to or greater than $1,000 or was filed in bad faith, in which case you are solely responsible for the payment of the filing fee.

            2. **Arbitration Proceeding**. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language. A single independent and impartial arbitrator shall be appointed pursuant to the Rules, as modified herein. You and Heirloom agree to comply with the following rules, which are intended to streamline the dispute resolution process and reduce the costs and burdens on the parties: (i) the arbitration will be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions, the specific manner to be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration; (ii) the arbitration will not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties; and (iii) any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

            3. **No Class Actions**. YOU AND HEIRLOOM AGREE THAT YOU AND HEIRLOOM MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. FURTHER, YOU AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS OF MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND THAT IF THIS SPECIFIC PROVISO IS FOUND TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN THE ENTIRETY OF THIS MANDATORY ARBITRATION SECTION SHALL BE NULL AND VOID.

            4. **Decision of the Arbitrator**. Barring extraordinary circumstances, the arbitrator shall issue his or her decision within 120 days from the date the arbitrator is appointed. The arbitrator may extend this time limit for an additional 30 days in the interests of justice. All arbitration proceedings will be closed to the public and confidential and all records relating thereto shall be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award. The award of the arbitrator shall be in writing and will include a statement setting forth the reasons for the disposition of any claim. The arbitrator will apply the laws of the State of California in conducting the arbitration. You acknowledge that these terms and your use of the Service evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. The United States Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation, enforcement, and proceedings pursuant to the Mandatory Arbitration clause in this EULA.

        2. **Equitable Relief**. The foregoing provisions of this Dispute Resolution section do not apply to any claim in which Heirloom seeks equitable relief of any kind. You acknowledge that, in the event of a breach of this EULA by Heirloom or any third party, the damage or harm, if any, caused to you will not entitle you to seek injunctive or other equitable relief against Heirloom, and your only remedy will be for monetary damages, subject to the limitations of liability set forth in this EULA.

        3. **Claims**. You and Heirloom agree that, notwithstanding any other rights the party may have under law or equity, any cause of action arising out of or related to this EULA or the Service, excluding a claim for indemnification, must commence within one year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.

        4. **Improperly Filed Claims**. All claims you bring against Heirloom must be resolved in accordance with this Dispute Resolution section. All claims filed or brought contrary to this Dispute Resolution section will be considered improperly filed. Should you file a claim contrary to this Dispute Resolution section, Heirloom may recover attorneys’ fees and costs up to $5,000, provided that Heirloom has notified you in writing of the improperly filed claim, and you have failed to promptly withdraw the claim.

        5. **Modifications**. In the event that Heirloom makes any future change to the Mandatory Arbitration provision (other than a change to Heirloom’s Arbitration Notice Address), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Heirloom’s Arbitration Notice Address, in which case your account with Heirloom and your license to use the Service shall terminate immediately, and this Dispute Resolution provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, shall survive the termination of this EULA.

        6. **Enforceability**. If only Section .a.iii or the entirety of this Section 18 is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Section 18 shall be null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 19 shall govern any action arising out of or related to this EULA.

    19. **Governing Law**. The laws of the State of California, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this EULA and your use of the Service. Your use of the Service may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws. To the extent that any action relating to any dispute hereunder is permitted to be brought in a court of law, such action shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in San Francisco, California, and you hereby irrevocably submit to personal jurisdiction in such courts, and waive any defense of inconvenient forum.

    20. **Assignment**. You may not assign this EULA or any of the rights or licenses granted hereunder, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of Heirloom. This means that in the event you dispose of any device on which you have installed the Service, such as by sale or gift, you are responsible for deleting the Service from your device prior to such disposition. Heirloom may assign this EULA, including all its rights hereunder, without restriction.

    21. **Survival**. The provisions of this EULA that are intended to survive the termination of this EULA by their nature will survive the termination of this EULA.

    22. **Consent to Electronic Communications**. By using the Service, you consent to receiving communications from us as further described in the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more about your choices regarding our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.

    23. **Miscellaneous**. This EULA, together with the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Heirloom regarding your use of and access to the Service, and, except as expressly permitted above, may be amended only by a written agreement signed by you and an authorized representative of Heirloom. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any time thereafter, nor shall a waiver of any breach or default of this EULA or any provision of this EULA constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of section headers in this EULA is for convenience only and shall not have any impact on the interpretation of particular provisions. In the event that any part of this EULA is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Heirloom as a result of this EULA or use of the Service.

    24. **Contacting Heirloom**. You can contact Heirloom Technology, Inc. at 650 2nd St., San Francisco, CA 94107 or by email at [feedback@heirloom.net](feedback@heirloom.net).

NOTICE REGARDING APPLE. You acknowledge that this EULA is between you and Heirloom only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the App or the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, then you may notify Apple and Apple will refund the purchase price for the relevant App to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and/or use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third party terms when using the App. Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of this EULA, and upon your acceptance of this EULA, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this EULA against you as a third party beneficiary of this EULA. You hereby represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. If Heirloom provides a translation of the English language version of these Terms, the translation is provided solely for convenience, and the English version shall prevail.
